use the 1 L of water.
take a maggie packets.



































  A. Create and build the job in Jenkins. B. Build a pipeline of jobs using maven
  1 go and pipeline to create and use hello world try scipt and save.
  2 build

  B 1 there is jenakin file with java program in exp4 repository git hub go there.
  2 build pipeline 
  3 use program which save in mav1 repo place in pipeline script. 
  4 build it
5 see pipeline console output
second way
1 pipeline script from hcm in pipeline
2 git url all 
3 buiold


j4unit and maven jenkins(xip file req junit_demo)

1 make sure you install java and maven
2 add path in jenkins in tools in jdk installation and maven installation
3 download testng plugin
 freestyle proj
4 add path in junit  directory advanced(use custom workplace).
5 add build step(invoke top level maven target) (advance POM file path) 
6 build


Demonstrate how to:

1. Install the Role-Based Authorization Strategy plugin.
2. Create and configure the required roles.
3. Assign users to these roles.
4. Verify that each role has the correct permissions.

1 role based autherization plugin is req
2 go in manage and assign sole
3 add role give permissions 
4 create users
5 assign role
6 lon in

Create a new Jenkins job (or use an existing one) and enable
remote build triggers. 2) Generate a unique authentication token for the job. 3) Demonstrate the correct syntax and parameters for a cURL
request that triggers the Jenkins build remotely.

1 :click on new Item on admin dashboard and create pipeline projec
2 :Add some build parameters by selecting `This project is parameterized
3Then select `Trigger build remotely` . This option will
enable you to build the job by using the URL only other
browsers or scrip
4 create token
5 Now write declarative Jenkins pipeline . Here in this
pipeline i am printing the username who is building it and
creating a file. Click on Save which is in mav1 repo
6: go to plugins . Install a plugin from available plugins
called `Build Authorization Token Roo
7Now use the URL provided below and open it in
another browser . The moment you opened the URL , this will
automatically trigger to start the build process of the job
http://localhost:8080/buildByToken/buildWithParameters?token=54321&job=<name_of_ur_job>
&whoami=pranit&filename=test.txt


To understand Continuous Integration.(exp 4)
1. Create a and build a freestyle project in jenkins by copying your git hub
repository url from your account. 
2. Build this project and check this console output on jenkins.




1 create freestyle proj
2 source code management git enter details
3 main branch
4 build step execute windows batch command
5 javac demo.java java demo
